Learn, earn, return.
I'm on the board of this amazing charity called
the Lima Foundation and this is the only plug I'll do in this whole course, I promise.
Lima foundation.org.
It's an amazing,
amazing charity where we give full scholarships to people from broken homes,
people that have absolutely nothing.
And here in the San Francisco Bay Area,
East Palo Alto has a high school graduation rate of only 40 percent.
It's just tragic, terrible.
And so, the methodology of this company or this charity,
the Lima Foundation is twofold.
They always talk about learn,
earn, return and I love that.
I love to learn.
I like to earn. But more importantly, I like to return.
I like to give to others and this charity has
the most incredible saying and I've got goosebumps
just thinking of this and that saying is this,
"don't expect to realize your dreams in
life unless you help others achieve theirs first."
Learn, earn, return.